Ugly, you know?
You almost killed the student.
Don't you know how to reflect?
stop stop
Kill students
Didn't my parents work so hard to send them to me just to improve their grades?
Jade can't be made without cutting
I did it for their own good.
Then you can dress up and fix it
They are still children
Prince, Sun Chang once hurt your feelings for you, and he can't erase it for the rest of his life, do you know?
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Everyone else is fine
It's just him
That's his problem.
What does it have to do with me?
you
This poor man looks unreasonable
Don't help the Education Bureau
Did you mean it?
Push to despair
You're going to make it hard for me
We will be united
Threat
Do you want to be detained?
A jerk is a jerk
I don't know at all about respecting teachers and rewarding them
Really uneducated
What is it about you that deserves my respect?
A cram school like you
There is one I tell the other what do you say?
Do you know
How many top students have I trained from my cram school?
Trash like you
Never understand
I don't want to understand
I'm too lazy to understand
Violent teaching is itself illegal
He should have known better.
fart
Teachers can't call students teachers
You say we should wake up
Okay, do you dare to represent Huanggao and compete with us?
Let us experience the high level of your emperor
With old products
Three more doors
same test paper
Answer on the spot
I won.
You Huang Gao asked me for free, the cram school is open, the book is round, you lose, and you close your door.
Never hold cram schools again
It's a deal, it's a deal.
fetch water
Make a decision next time